In part 1 of this homework, we explored how the actual velocity versus radius curves for both Andromeda and the Milky Way behave versus expectations, assuming no dark matter. Exploring this data should highlight to us the need for dark matter to explain what is seen in these velocity curves. In the second part of this homework we are running a MCMC sampler for over 10^4 counts and then comparing that to the expected Gaussian output.

In the first part of this homework, I worked with several people and helped others with their questions. I worked with Tali and Shar until we reached the vratios function. The next day, Tali and I hashed out what we thought the vratios function code should be because we were both having trouble understanding what was wanted. Tali also shared the code for inserting text into a plot, which was extremely helpful. Shar helped me realize I was doing my radius cutting backwards for the datasets. I helped Masooma, Sarah, Paula, Bivek, Shreya, and Miles with some questions they had as they went through this problem. This was mostly just explaining why we could do the y = r*sin(alpha) calculation to determine Andromeda's radial size. I also mentioned how I went about doing the cuts for the specific radii wanted, and shared some tips I picked using the units package.

In the second part of this homework I got help from Tali and Masooma. Masooma was super helpful in explaining how to create the MCMC sampler, as I was having trouble parsing that section of the paper. Tali helped me with the code for creating the expected gaussian fit line as well as normalizing the MCMC histogram data. I was then able to figure out the normalized histogram using the plt.stairs() function. I also chatted with Bivek in general about how we were both going through the process of solving this question.

I guess the main thing that I could claim having lead on was figuring out the actual size of Andromeda from its apparent size and distance. Again there was a lot of working together and asking for help with this problem. The two hardest parts of this homework were understanding what was needed to be output by the vratios function and figuring out how to start problem 2.
