This homework had us dealing with the george package to perform a Gaussian Regression process on Sea Surface temperature data. This temperature data is the averaged monthly temperature record from Januray 1950 until December 2010. To perform this regression, an array was needed that contained all the days from Januray 1950 until December 2030. After finding an initial interpolation function was found, we then had to optimize the parameters needed to create a best fit interpolation. Lastly, this optimized best fit was again plotted with the recorded data.

For this homework, I worked with Tali, Bivek, and Sarah. I also chatted with Masooma, Miles, and Reyta about the optimize section. I was able to get through the flattening and visualization of the initial dataset. Tali then helped me with understanding the gaussian_process_regression function. They also suggested a kernel to start with and mentioned what initial guess value worked for them. Bivek and Sarah were super helpful in working through the optimize function. I was getting some issues/errors with my optimize function, so I ended up switching to the version from the George tutorial. During this homework I chatted with Masooma, Miles, and Reyta about the optimize function, like what values were they using, what functions, etc. I also talked with them about plotting the final optimized regression model, and making sure it looked right. 

For my own work, I took charge of everything up until the regression function. From there on, I worked collaboratively with people, asking for help as needed. The hardest part was getting the optimize function to work. It was hard to debug the errors that were getting thrown while using George, since I didn't have a great grasp on what the functions should have been returning. I also had to recreate the optimization code in the cell for plotting the interpolated model with the actual data points, as I couldn't figure out how to save the best fit parameters after optimizing the regression fit.
