Homework assignment 2 was about getting familiarity with several of the most commonly used and seen distribution functions. In the first part of this assignment, I had to look at the Maxwell-Boltzman distribution, which applies statistics to the problem of describing macroscopic features through information known about its mircoscopic components. I compared distributions created with a random assortment of values that fit the Maxwell-Boltzman to the expected values of those distributions based on the mathematical equations that described the distributions. I also looked at the expected and empirical mean, as well as how the mode of the random distributions compared to these means. In the second half the assignment, I had to exmaine 5 different statsitical distributions. This was done by creating 100 randomly sized samples, which then had their means compared to that of the entire population's. The goal was to show that for all of the distributions, the law of large numbers is followed as sample size is increased. Lastly, a Gaussian was fit to the means of the histograms for the means of all the distributions.

On this assignment I mainly worked with Bivek. We chatted about how the different input elements needed in python code for the distributions were related to the population mean and the sample sizes that were wanted. On the first piece of the assignment, we also talked about ways to store the three Maxwell-Boltzman distributions so that we could find their means and modes. I made use of a dictionary, as that was used in the second half of the assignment for this same task. I also talked to Sid about some trouble I was having with the stats.mode() function, which was unexpectedly giving an array as its output. Bivek suggested using numpy.round() on the speed values, after I had mentioned I was getting super small decimals when using the mode function. On the last section I had some confusion about whether we were fitting a Gaussian curve to the means of each of the distribution types, or if we were supposed to fit a Gaussian over all the means in one histogram. So I asked Paula and Masooma what they thought this question was wanting. 

Bivek and I did the majority of our coding separately, so I wouldn't say I took charge with anything specific. The two elements I struggled with were getting stats.mode() to output reasonable values for the Maxwell-Boltzman distributions, and I also struggled with fitting the guassian to the histograms of the sample means for the distributions. I ended up settling for a more by eye approach.
