Homework 3 was about recreating the statistical results from a published paper. Corral's 2018 paper applied the KS test to several subsets of earthquake data from Southern California. This homework gave experience dealing with trying to replicate coding results without the original code and dataset used by the authors. We had to parse through the written explanations of how the sub-datasets were created by the authors and how they examined the data using a KS test.

On this homework I worked with and get help from Tali, Shar, Paula, Bivek, and Masooma. I was having some trouble figuring out how to parse the strings in order to fix the date time issue caused by the 60.00 seconds. I was trying to create a loop, but I was having some trouble remembering how to skip to just the second component of the time string. Tali helped me out by sharing a loop of coding for fixing this timing issue that Sid had come up with. I had an issue with my link to the code for the list of gooddates being broken, Shar sent me a link to that code which worked. Shar and Paula also helped me with broadcasting a dataframe into a new dataframe, as I was a bit confused with the syntax for this code. Paula and Bivek helped me with getting the gap data to broadcast into a new dataframe, and making sure this gap data was in a form useable by the histogram function. Bivek helped me with the code for the functions and loops used in the creation of the KS test graph. Masooma, Shar, and Tali were helpful in getting the code for p-values and statistics  to give reasonable values. I chatted with them about several ways to try and fix my code. Although I'm still can't quite get p-values as large as those reported in the paper.

With this homework I didn't really take the lead on anything. I would work through the chunks of the notebook and when I ran into a problem, I asked for help or clarification. The hardest part of this homework was getting my calculated gap values into a form that would work for the histogram function. It was really confusing trying to figure out why the timedelta number wasn't actually a integer number, and why this was preventing the histogram from working. It was also a struggle to get my calculated p-values to be reasonable, and not super small.
