For this homework, we are applying several different clustering methods on microarray gene data from patients with renal cell cancer. The cluster methods tested using this data are the KMeans test, DBScan, and Agglomerative clustering. In order to help visualize this dataset, UMAP and t-SNE were used to create 2D projections of the data. These would then be plotted with the different cluster labels found by the tests, in order to show the clusters in 2D space. Lastly, the dendrogram visualization method was used with the Agglomerative clustering method.

On this homework I worked with Bivek, Masooma, Sarah, and Paula. Bivek helped me with writing the calICVar function as well as using it with the KMeans test to find the optimal number of clusters. He also helped me to fix how I was scaling the genes data, I was originally scaling by row not column. I worked with Masooma, Sarah, and Paula while running through plotting the t-SNE and UMAP projections with the cluster labels from the 3 methods of clustering. They also helped me with any questions I had with trying to implement the DBScan and Agglomerative clustering methods, as well as suggesting ways to visualize the Euclidean distances for the dataset.


I was able to get up to section 4 on my own, only needing help to go back and fix my issues with scaling. I struggled the most with the calICVar function. I was having trouble thinking through how to implement what was wanted in one go. I kept thinking that I would need the function to call cluster.KMeans() in order for it to work. Bivek showed me that I could set it up so that kmeans could be run before calling calIVCar which made a ton of sense.
