During this homework, we had to try fitting several different kinds of models to how the magnitude of GRB afterglows change with log time. The first part of this homework had us redoing the sklearn model to find the best linear fit for this magnitude versus log time data. Next we had to use MCMC to find another set of best fit parameters for the linear fit of this data. After analyizing the MCMC linear fit, we then had to create broken power law as another potential model for this magnitude versus log time data. We also had to recreate the log probability/posterior and likelihood functions for the bpl model. Next the best fit parameters for this bpl model were found in two ways, first using the minimizie function and then using MCMC. The last part of this homework was to compare the MCMC linear best fit parameters to the MCMC bpl best fit parameters.

For this homework I worked with Shar, Masooma, and Miles. Shar, Masooma, and I worked through the bpl and all the log functions that were needed for the MCMC test together. We also were able to figure out what order of values made sense for the initial guesses of the needed parameters. Masooma and Miles helped me out with the log ratios function, as I was a bit confused with how to set it up, as well as making sure I was getting a value with the expected sign. I also chatted with Tali, Bivek, and Sarah some about different questions we all had while working through this homework. Lastly, I did make use of the previous version of this Collab workbook to check my code formatting in different parts, as well as making sure I was using the correct variables for the different functions.

With this homework, I would say that we mostly worked collaboratively so I wouldn't claim to have lead on anything specific. There was some struggle to get my bpl and log functions to output actual values when I had first created them. I had created these functions similarly to those I was working with, but it was getting stuck. I believe that the issue was related to a sign error, which took some time to fix.

